[Autogenerated] but we can do some more declaration in this parent.
Like for instance, the properties are declaration A Let us go on.
Copy Paste This set of property za that is close this Perma at the parent level,
we are going to copy Paste.
Those properties are.
And now when we update this project maven update project Okay,
you can see that the Java five application service has been moved to Java eight,
by the way, in these parents Mama,
you can also see that the module ello application service has been added.
So now we can copy paste our interface from the L O Service project.
Let us create the pack Agia order not Padma that
service and copy paste the interface.
And it's now this interface is part of the L O application service.
We can do the same for another module project maybe module next.
Let us keep the archetype selection.
Corded ello application service improve.
Next.
It is indeed a a child of the parent project.
A low application finish.
You can see that this folder has been created on this project.
Air application service has also been created and this time
it has been created automatically in Java.
Eight.
Since the parent project is already configured to support Java eight
letters other This bike agia two applications service imp,
along with this class that does not compiler for one reason is that
it does not know the aero service interface because we need to
declare these dependency from this bomb here.
So let us do that.
Letters first.
Do some clean up in this poem.
The dependencies, um, letters.
Declare one dependency to the group.
I d order the Perma onto the artifact I d.
A low application.
So it is the version we depend on being zero that
wanna it makes the code combine, which is finer.
Now we are going to copy paste.
Also the test class from these Aero Service imp to
this ello application service imp, let us put this day's class here.
We also have a compilation problem.
Why?
Because the dependency to J unit and Toe ___ O J has not be properly set.
But since those two test frameworks are very commander,
we can declare them probably at the parent level of our l O application.
A.
So let us go and copy paste those dependent season from
this Perma J you need on a ser jay, Let us go back to the poma off the air,
application a copy, paste the dependency.
Here, do some little cleanup.
Here we go.
And you can see that all the child er projects are inheriting
the dependencies declared at the parent level.
So now I were ___ service Test class compiles property,
and we can Renate either using the Eclipse J unit Pugin or using
directly on the parent bomb run AZA Maven test,
for instance, which is going to execute all the tests from this application.
If we check the executioner,
the Maven reactor has created an older of executioner application
application service and application service.
Dash Imp.
It has run up all the different goals off the maven
Lifecycle resources compiled test resources.
There's combined,
then test for each artifact and for the artifact ello application service Imp.
Since there is a test in this project,
it has executed this test properly and at last,
the reactor summary is displayed with the execution time for each project.
So this is how you can configure a maven project using the eclipse, begin A with a parent project on two sub modules